[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: It's
not even you writing.
They were using your hand
to do automatic writing.
>> GATES MCKIBBIN: Suddenly,
I'm sitting writing and I get
deeper and deeper
into the story.
I'm hooked.
>> REGINA: And you
have two characters--
>> MCKIBBIN: Luke and Grace.
Grace being the embodiment
of the divine feminine.
Luke is on his course
of the divine masculine.
The beauty of this relationship
as Luke and Grace go
through the life times that
are portrayed in the next three
books is that their love,
of course, is eternal
and they recognize each other.
And so these stories
enable us to remember
who we fundamentally are.
This isn't a classic historical
romance, the way we think
of them.
>> REGINA: Right.
It's not everything.
>> MCKIBBIN: But it is about
how they come together in love.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> REGINA: Last time we
had Gates McKibbin with us,
we spoke of democracy according
to her channeling from three
former founding
fathers and presidents.
A beautifully clear idea of
democracy in its purest form.
Today, we're focusing on an
equally beautiful and clear
take on a subject, that of
love between twin flames.
The only danger
here is that you'll
be tempted to wait it out until
you can reunite with yours
after hearing all of this.
That's what I'm hearing
from the people who've
read the series of books.
It is so juicy and tempting.
So welcome back, Gates.
>> MCKIBBIN: Thank you.
It's so good to be back and
talking about love this time.
>> REGINA: You know what?
It's true.
What the world needs
now is love, sweet love.
Man, there couldn't be
a more perfect topic
for the times than love.
So first of all, here you're
talking to dead presidents
and now, this is a
whole different thing
that happened back then, right?
Wasn't this from,
maybe, 20 years
ago when this first started?
>> MCKIBBIN: About 20 years ago,
I get guidance from spirit that
is very simple.
Grab a journal, grab a
pen, let's get started.
>> REGINA: And then you just--
you're sitting here like this
and your hand's doing this.
>> MCKIBBIN: And I never know
what the topic is going to be.
So I started writing the first
book, it was about Atlantis.
And I thought, wow,
this is different.
I wonder if it's real, I
wonder if it's authentic,
I wonder if they're
making this up.
>> REGINA: That's important
because you personally
didn't know anything
about Atlantis.
I mean, that's not
in your wheelhouse.
>> MCKIBBIN: No.
It's not.
>> REGINA: Now, first people
need to know you were a very
high-powered businesswoman, OK?
>> MCKIBBIN: Yes.
>> REGINA: You were a very
successful high powered
businesswoman and you got--
you became ill at one point,
something happened, cracked
open the old egg here up
to the universe, and things
started pouring through you.
So just to get that
background out of the way,
you were not studying
esoterica like this at all.
So let's now go from there.
>> MCKIBBIN: Wasn't studying
anything about Atlantis.
I had never read about Atlantis.
Suddenly, I'm sitting
writing about what
I think is a fantasy, a fiction,
something that may or may not
have existed.
And a couple who come together
after an androgynous person,
makes the choice of going
through a high frequency
spiritual process and
being split into two.
Into identical twins--
a male and a female.
So I'm writing all of this
thinking, this is phenomenal.
How can it be real?
How can it be true?
But I keep going and I
get deeper and deeper
into the story.
I'm hooked.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK, well, now, and you're
writing this longhand.
>> MCKIBBIN: Longhand.
>> REGINA: On a piece of paper
with a pen and your hand--
you will write hours and hours
a day but your hand doesn't even
cramp.
It's not even you writing.
They were using your hand
to do automatic writing.
Now, the interesting thing
about what you just brought up,
in hermetic texts, it does
talk about that process
of a ray, a soul splitting in
to twin rays of male and female.
This is part of
hermetic teachings
and I don't know that
you're aware of that.
>> MCKIBBIN: Unaware of it.
Not at all.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
So let's continue on.
So you're being downloaded and
so this story is progressing
and you have two characters.
Let's talk about them.
>> MCKIBBIN: Luke and Grace.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: Luke takes a
job at a research institute,
he thinks it's totally
legitimate, and finds out that,
in fact, they're doing a lot of
corrupted research that is out
of alignment with anything
that can be considered ethical.
And he begins to dig into it.
To try to discover what
are they doing really
which is trying to supersede
the power of spirit
by implanting cells,
implanting technological cells
or chips into the
brains of people
who are their subjects
of these experiments.
They have the ridiculous idea
that technology can be stronger
than spirit.
Stronger than the divine.
And that would give them
control over everything.
>> REGINA: What's
interesting about this,
Ray Kurzweil who many
people would say is kind
of the godfather of
AI and, probably,
the primary research center for
AI is MIT in the United States,
anyway.
And now what you're
talking about
are the very things that are
being grappled with in society,
in that world at large.
This is the exact subject
that's now on the table.
Even television shows and
movies are being made about it.
So you must have been
channeling it and picking it up
when they were very first
contemplating or working
on this technology.
So what you're doing
is giving a forewarning
to people in these books.
So continue on what happens.
>> MCKIBBIN: So he finds out--
he has absolute evidence that
the experimentation that's going
on is corrupted and takes that
evidence to the tribunal
which, purportedly, is ethical,
purportedly has a high level
of integrity and he is thrown
into prison.
In the meantime,
Grace has discovered
that she can commune with
plants and that, in fact, she
understands the healing
power of plants.
She creates a
healing center that's
based on the use
of herbs and also
personal responsibility
for one's own health
rather than leading a
profligate decadent life
and then turning to
technology to change it all.
To get-- to make you healthy.
So it's about personal
responsibility,
it's about health and healing.
And the healing center
becomes so successful.
She creates kiosks that sell
healing soup to everyone.
And in fact, give a lot of it--
the kiosks give a lot of it
away.
So Grace is on her
own dynamic course.
Being the embodiment of
the divine feminine, which
is all about healing and
creating and nurturing
and being there
for the community.
Luke is on his course of
the divine masculine, which
is uncovering the
lack of integrity
as the masculine attempts
to control every God.
Play God.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: He's in present
and the question then becomes,
what happens?
What happens with the
information he has?
Is it going to be
suppressed completely?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: Can he
get out of prison?
What do they do?
>> REGINA: And you're not
going to tell because--
>> MCKIBBIN: I'm not.
>> REGINA: We don't want to--
we don't want to do any--
we'll have to do a bunch
of spoiler alerts here.
We're not going to spoil
it for anybody because this
is a series of four
books that are really
meant to be read sequentially
because these two
progress in time as they
continue finding each other.
So we won't tell what
happens to spoil the plot.
But the thing is, this
was flowing through you.
The point of it.
I want to get to this question.
After all these books came
through you, did you ask why?
Why are you following this
information through me
at this time?
And I want to know the
answer to that before we go
and so we have a framework
for the rest of these stories.
That's just the
beginning of book 1.
Really doesn't even talk
about the incredible integrity
and beauty of the union
between these two people
who any male or female
would say yes, that's
how I want to do it.
So why was it
flowing through you?
>> MCKIBBIN: Great question.
I ask that because,
again, I was wondering,
why am I writing
fiction after working
with presidents after publishing
seven volumes of wisdom
from the other side
and now fiction.
The answer was
very clear, we have
fallen into a pattern of
the disempowered feminine
and the overly
powerful masculine.
The dominant masculine,
the patriarchy.
And the feminine has allowed
itself to become powerless
in the face of that dominant,
overwhelming patriarchy, which
has been going on for millennia.
It's in the collective
consciousness.
And we may not realize it, but
we're being affected by it.
So what better way to remind
us that we're all divine,
we all have the capacity
for divine love.
To be divine love, to
hold that divine love.
We all can be in
relationship with another
that is rooted in that
divinity rather than
a relationship that exists
because of extreme compromises.
For the male, what
we call the divine
masculine is really someone
who's capable of right action.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: Right action.
What we call the divine
feminine is someone who
stands in her power to create.
You bring those two
together in love,
and then we're able to
live in our divinity, which
is why we're here.
But we've so walked
away from that.
We've fallen away from it.
We've lost touch with it.
These novels give
readers the opportunity--
>> REGINA: It's like a
blueprint for what can be.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yes, and we don't
have any other blueprints.
I can't think of
another blueprint
out there that even comes close
to these books in what can be.
And the interesting thing is, we
see the entertainment industry,
for example, picking up the
themes of the über warrioress
woman, right?
She's going to kick ass even
harder than the guys do.
She's the lead person now even
in a lot of films, for example,
and doing things
the way men do it.
Although maybe even more
brutal, for example.
So that's supposed
to be empowering
young women to know that
they can play alongside men.
But what you just said
that's so important here.
The ancestral memory
that is in our DNA--
masculine and feminine,
every time we incarnate
is affecting us and
in our subconscious,
that's great subconscious
that we have.
It's in us.
And you can be a millennial,
you can be a little Zoomer
girl who's feeling her power.
You get with a boy and suddenly
you're just like, oh, well,
whatever you want to do.
It's baked into the cake
now because of the millennia
of living under this
agreed upon or not
agreed upon situation
between men and women.
So this does affect us all.
You're right.
We may not remember
but it's even
affecting the
youngest generations
and they don't know it.
>> MCKIBBIN: I agree.
And so these stories
enable us to remember
who we fundamentally are
and to celebrate who we are.
The beauty of this relationship
as Luke and Grace go
through the lifetimes that are
portrayed in the next three
books is that their love,
of course, is eternal
and they recognize each other.
But these aren't fantasies.
They're living in
difficult circumstances.
But the quality of their
relationship as equals--
>> REGINA: And
the communication.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yes.
>> REGINA: All of it.
>> MCKIBBIN: Their
decision making.
Everything about who
they are together
is an affirmation of
the extraordinariness
that they are individually
and who they are together.
And I love that as kind
of a thread running
through all of the stories.
They never compromise
their relationship ever.
>> REGINA: And they don't
compromise their integrity.
>> MCKIBBIN: No.
>> REGINA: Even if it means
they have to sacrifice something
in the relationship.
I mean, it's-- again, it's the
most beautiful template I have
ever seen for what is the
potential between the masculine
and the feminine.
So we got to continue on.
That's just book 1 and
we just kind of teased
a little bit of it.
But let's go in
now to book number
2 which is called
"Love, 24 AD" and--
while I loved all
of the books, I
think that one was my favorite.
Now, let's take us into
the times of history.
And again, important
to note, you're
writing about historical
figures in this book
you had never even heard of.
And it turns out you
went and looked them up
and they were real historical
figures in that time.
OK, so I love it because
you're actually channeling it.
So let's talk about
"Love, 24 AD."
>> MCKIBBIN: Gracila is the
daughter of a woman healer.
She lives in a
community of women.
And they work at
such a high frequency
and live at such
a high frequency
that the community is, actually,
invisible most of the time.
Lukan is the son of
a tribal chieftain.
And their parents-- her
mother and his father
were together in Atlantis.
They've come back
together in order
to give birth to these two
and then bring them together
when the time is right.
>> REGINA: And this is
in ancient Britannia.
>> MCKIBBIN: Ancient--
I'm sorry.
Yes, Britannia.
She's born in 24 AD.
So the story starts then.
They find each other, they,
of course, love each other.
They marry and, simultaneously,
the Roman invasion
is about to occur.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: So just when they
get married and start a life
together, they have to face this
horrific invasion on the part
of a very sophisticated
Roman Legion which has highly
developed weaponry--
engineering,
organizational capacity.
And here are these tribes that
come together but not really
that have been existing
independently around Britannia,
they've got to
defend against this.
Lukan's father
understands quickly
that it's not going to be
possible for the tribes
to defend themselves
effectively.
He sees what the
Romans bring with them
and knows that the
only solution is
to create a negotiated peace.
This is after they've gone
on to the battlefield,
they've tried their best.
>> REGINA: And Gracila and
Lukan have been separated
and he's been wounded pretty
severely in battle, actually.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yes,
Lukan is wounded.
>> REGINA: He chose to do it.
His father tried to get
him out of it, he said, no.
Again, living to-- if
we're sending the others,
we're sending me.
>> MCKIBBIN: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And so when his father
approaches Vespasian and says,
I want to have a
conversation with you,
one tribal chieftain to
another commander of legions,
let's see if we can
find common ground.
And in fact, they do.
It is one of my favorite
parts of the story.
>> REGINA: That's one of my
favorite parts of all four
books, is that.
>> MCKIBBIN: Is it?
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> MCKIBBIN: Me too.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: Because here
are these purported enemies.
And you know, we have this
stereotype of the good guy,
the bad guy.
We've got to come and vanquish.
We've got to hold our
ground against the evil.
And rather than falling
into that caricature,
they come together as two
intelligent, capable leaders
who communicate authentically
with each other.
Lukan's father
doesn't say, well,
I'm here because I know that--
I'm doing you a favor because
we could overcome your invasion.
He says, I realize
the position we're in.
Isn't there a way for us to
come to an agreement that
allows our
communities to remain,
that gives Rome
some presence here--
>> REGINA: Whatever resources
and whatever they're looking
for, yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: So that we can all
find a way to live together,
which is--
it's a totally--
>> REGINA: It was so beautiful.
>> MCKIBBIN: --different
paradigm from--
>> REGINA: The thoughts.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: The dialogue were
so crystal clear and logical.
>> MCKIBBIN: I know.
>> REGINA: And honoring of
what is instead of the delusion
and ego that goes into
what we know as war now.
>> MCKIBBIN: Exactly.
>> REGINA: It's beautiful.
>> MCKIBBIN: So then, that
story ends up being fascinating
because Lukan and Gracila go
to Rome as representatives
of Britain because he also is
very practical and he knows
that the survival
of the culture--
if there's any way the survival
of the clans will be possible,
it's through trade.
And so let's make
trade something
really dynamic and
positive for both sides.
Lots of great things happen
when they're in Rome.
They live a fascinating
life together.
They come back together
with Vespasian.
I won't go into any
more detail there,
but it's really fun
and so affirming.
>> REGINA: It was very powerful.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And the thing laced
throughout all of this was
the sensuality of Earth.
Earth is always very
present in this and beauty.
And the way the--
whether it's the environment
they're living in,
I mean, I can even
smell the inside
of where she lived with her
mother before Lukan came along
and all the herbs wafting
in the air and the fur
pelts they were sleeping on.
You can feel that on your skin.
Every it's, essentially,
alive in the books but also
the sheer, beauty.
Everything has this element
of craftsmanship and quality
and the finest of
Earth's offerings
combined with human
intelligence and creativity.
So the beauty and creativity
is very, very alive
in this book-- coming from both
the masculine and the feminine,
which I loved.
So are you ready
to go on to book 3?
>> MCKIBBIN: Let's do it.
>> REGINA: OK.
That's a whole other story.
OK, so in book 3,
which is called "Hope,"
we have a situation in which the
two aren't so easily reunited.
And it's a story-- it's
a very powerful story.
And you talk about it with--
again, it's brought
through in such
a direct, non-judgmental way.
But there's Gracila
or Gracila, her name
is always a variation of Grace,
comes through in this time
to a woman who fell on
misfortune and became a slave.
So let's talk about her and
what Greek and Roman times
were like in terms of slavery.
We don't understand.
Up to half the population
in Rome were slaves.
Let's talk about that
and how one became
a slave, accidentally even.
>> MCKIBBIN: Graci's
mother was in a family--
a moderately wealthy family.
Her father was a merchant
who got overextended
and then took out more loans and
became even more overextended.
And as a result, the entire
family was thrown into slavery.
Graci's mother,
who thought she was
going to lead a
relatively good life,
ended up not only resenting
the slavery but, of course,
resenting every
aspect of her life
because it wasn't at all
what she anticipated.
Gave birth to Graci,
resented the daughter.
So Graci was born into the most
difficult situation imaginable
and yet she was given
an opportunity to learn.
I don't want-- don't have
to go into detail how,
but she was educated.
And because of her
ability to work
with spices which began
in Atlantis and then
on into Britannia,
and then now she
becomes a helper, a
slave in the kitchen
and creates magnificent
sauces out of these spices.
It ends up just transforming how
this family have their meals.
How much they enjoy their meals.
Lucan, on the other hand, is
born into a very powerful,
highly--
very wealthy family in Rome.
It's the sort of epitome
of the patriarch.
His father expects him to
live out the family legacy,
be a senator, agree to an
arranged marriage with someone
else from a wealthy family
so we can combine our wealth
and expand our power.
So he is on that trajectory.
Graci is a slave, she ends
up being taken to Rome.
She's serving in the kitchen,
creates deliciousness
for our banquet, and
Lucan tastes her food
and recognizes it.
>> REGINA: He recognizes
the spice combinations.
>>MCKIBBIN: And she comes
out, because they're so
blown away by the meal
and he recognizes her.
But they can never come together
because it's a law in Rome
that senators can
never marry either
a slave or a freed woman.
So even if she's freed,
they can never be married.
They can never be
legally together.
And that's the situation they're
thrown into when they meet.
>> REGINA: And she has been
gracious enough in her own
life, understanding her lot.
This is what she-- just
what she's born into.
It's not like you
had a lot of choices.
To feel grateful for
the fact that she
was elevated because
of her cooking skills
and she's accepted this.
And so when they asked to meet
face to face, he recognizes her
but she doesn't seem to be
seeing those possibilities
right away.
She is a slave
working the kitchen.
She's a cook.
>> MCKIBBIN: She is.
And she says, we
may love each other
but we can never be together.
>> REGINA: Right.
And she was pretty firm on that.
>> MCKIBBIN: She was.
>> REGINA: And he was the one
that, actually, fought for it.
We'll go into that
in a little bit.
But one of the things
that was interesting here
is, during that
lifetime, because she
was a favored person for
making this delectable cuisine
for everybody in Rome, she
was granted certain favors.
Now, remind me of how she
came across these manuscripts
because she was--
educated she could read.
She came across
manuscripts about Yehshua
from 100 years prior.
Let's talk about that.
>> MCKIBBIN: So she
discovers that--
well, of course,
she can read and she
learned to read in Greek.
And her owner who
loves her, knows her
and loves her in his
own way because he's
from the previous two lifetimes.
He, in fact, is Lucan's
father in Britannia.
So he takes her under his
wing and says, here's a book.
Here's a book you might enjoy.
A book from my collection.
And she reads about him and
discovers that, in fact, she
not only is able to
relate to the story,
but she's deeply affected by
all of the teachings of Yehshua.
She knows-- she deeply
believes that he,
in fact, was a prophet.
This is before any organized
religion really has come about.
This is what the pure,
early teachings--
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: --of
Yehshua and his followers
and their experiences with him.
And so that gives
her an opportunity
to believe deeply
in something else.
If she can't exactly
believe in the love
she shares with Lucan, which
is real, but it's impossible.
>> REGINA: But
unexpressed, yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: She can believe in
the stories of Yehshua as told
by his followers.
And so that gives her--
it really provides a source
of solace for her and peace
and comfort even as they
undergo the difficulties
they face in that lifetime.
>> REGINA: What also happens
is he does go on with great,
great resistance because
they love each other.
It's now-- it's known,
With great resistance, he does
go into an arranged marriage.
We won't get into any of that.
But there is so much
grace in this story
because in spite of
the circumstance,
the two are allowed to be
together in a certain way.
And well, she's allowed to
continue doing what she does
and he does what he does.
He has family and so forth.
But there is a real
grace and beauty
that comes in later
on in the story
between his wife and Graci.
And that's another element
of really not just grace,
but honoring relationship
in an open way.
Honoring relationship in a way
of recognition and true honesty
with self that you,
again, you don't
see in modern relationships.
You don't see in relationships
very often at all.
And that's exemplified
even in this kind
of complicated triangle that
ends up occurring, right?
>> MCKIBBIN: Well, his
wife Euphemia says,
I didn't want to be in this
arranged marriage either.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: But out of
respect for each other--
they did have respect for
each other and to some extent,
affection, but he told
her at the very beginning
of their marriage,
I love someone else.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: I
will be respectful,
we'll have children,
but my heart is--
>> REGINA: But know
my heart is elsewhere.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: And she
understands that.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: So after they've
had their family and she
realizes Graci's circumstances,
she decides that she's done
what she needed to do.
>> REGINA: Right.
And then wonderful
things happened.
>> MCKIBBIN: We won't
say what they are.
>> REGINA: Then, unwonderful
things happen and, again,
we have to remember that
at this time period,
Christians are not
popular in Rome.
They're entertainment in
a bad way, shall we say?
And so Graci gets
caught up in all of this
and refuses to back
down on her affection
for the teachings of
these followers of Yehshua
in the day.
>> MCKIBBIN: Lucan has made an
attempt with Marcus Aurelius
right before he dies to create
some kind of decree to turn
Rome back into a Republic
and does something--
and he's not successful.
Commodus takes over.
Commodus knows
Lucan's role in this
and punishes Graci
for being a Christian.
>> REGINA: Now, you didn't
know about Commodus either.
You didn't know Roman history.
You hadn't studied
Roman history.
And that's what makes all
this so shocking, really.
I mean-- it shows that
you're a very clear Channel,
I will say that.
Because I started looking up
everybody and the character
traits that were
given in the book
turned out that is the
character of these people
and what they were
known as historically.
So you nailed that character.
Commodus was not a nice person.
He did not have a
positive effect on Rome
and he did not
have a kind reign.
>> MCKIBBIN: No.
The Christians were
taken to the Colosseum
for public entertainment
and killed.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: So that story--
that was a difficult story
for me to write parts of it
because we want the lovers
to be able to come together.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: This isn't a
classic historical romance
the way we think of them.
>> REGINA: Right.
It's not Harlequin.
>> MCKIBBIN: But it is about
how they come together in love.
They still love each other.
How-- and does
that love survive?
Yes, it does.
But--
>> REGINA: But.
>> MCKIBBIN: --Graci is
very wounded by this whole
experience.
She is imprisoned at
the end and is going
to be taken to the Colosseum.
And he says to her, renounce
your belief in Yehshua.
And she says, I can't.
I won't.
I won't walk away from that
in order to save my life.
I mean, she's very
clear about that.
It was so wounding for her
that she doesn't come back
for 1,500 years to be with him.
>> REGINA: Now, let
me ask you a question.
Did you get anywhere in
there because you only
get what you get.
>> MCKIBBIN: I know.
>> REGINA: So it's not like
they're going to tell you
everything in between.
Did you get a sense that she
had incarnated during that 1,500
years but she had not
incarnated at a time where they
would hook up together again?
>> MCKIBBIN: He gave up the
opportunity to be with her
during that 1,500 years so
she could reincarnate and work
through the wounding.
She did that because
of her rootedness
in Yehshua and then as
it became Christianity.
And as we've said,
women have not
had power over their
own lives really ever.
In the days when she
was reincarnating,
women had two choices--
to either-- if they didn't
have money, to be, essentially,
slaves in a household, if they
did come from a wealthy family,
to be in an arranged marriage--
>> REGINA: Or a convent.
>> MCKIBBIN: --or the
other choice is a convent.
She chose a convent
because, at least, there
was a sisterhood there and
they could, to some extent,
even under the thumb
of the patriarchy,
they still had some freedoms.
So she reincarnated as a nun
multiple lifetimes in order
to heal and take her
power back as a woman
after that difficult
lifetime of slavery.
>> REGINA: Go ahead.
>> MCKIBBIN: And then--
>> REGINA: So then we
come to book number 4.
So now, it's called
"Give" in 1671.
So we've let 1,500 years pass.
Now they're back.
And in this time, again,
they're worlds apart.
And Lucan, his
character continues
to incarnate in positions
that have some kind of stature
to them throughout
in each of the books.
And this time, he has stature,
again, but now we go to France,
OK?
>> MCKIBBIN: Provence, France--
>> REGINA: Love Provence.
>> MCKIBBIN: I know.
I wrote this in Provence.
>> REGINA: Oh, did you?
>> MCKIBBIN: I was staying with
a friend whose aunt and uncle
have not one but two
villas in Provence.
Two weeks-- I wrote this book
in two weeks in Provence.
Anyway, Luc has inherited
a massive estate
with a huge chateau and
all kinds of small villages
around it.
People working the land.
He can't stand the
gilt furniture,
he deplores the decadence
of everyone else
in his demographic group,
if I can call it that.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: She is born,
actually, in Italy, in Venice.
She's the daughter of a
senator and his courtesan.
She's taken, immediately,
to a convent to be raised.
He dies after six years.
They can't afford to keep
her, they send her to France
to another convent
where she is educated.
Has the opportunity
to take her vows.
Now, this is what's
interesting because she
could have taken her
vows one more time as she
had done in that 1,500 years.
But she knows, on
some level, that she's
ready to be out in the world.
She doesn't know what will
happen, but she's educated,
she figures she could
earn a living somehow.
And at that point,
the abyss says, well,
I happen to know there might
be an opening for a governess.
A count has two sons,
his wife has died.
They need to be educated.
Maybe, there would be an
opportunity for you there and--
>> REGINA: OK.
There we go.
They come back together again.
[LAUGHTER]
And this time in a
different environment
with less resistance
against them.
But what was so
beautiful and fascinating
about that book was, again,
his character and as you say,
right action.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yes.
>> REGINA: And being able
to take something that,
as you say, is just dripping
in decadence and turn it
into something that's
a benefit for all.
So they, ultimately, are able
to marry in this book, right?
So we don't-- that's OK.
Everyone knows that.
That's going to happen.
And she has been wonderful
with his kids, of course,
they fall in love
with her because she's
so clever and creative and
makes learning fun for them.
But it's what happens with
the other people surrounding
their lives because in
each of these lifetimes
one thing that happens is,
she does not bear children,
not in any of these lifetimes.
So we come back and they're
trying, it's not working.
But they have this
trip to Paris.
So let's talk about
what happens then.
>> MCKIBBIN: They go to Paris
and he's selling his wine which
is the--
>> REGINA: Exorbitant prices.
>> MCKIBBIN: And
exorbitant prices.
It's the best wine
in France and he
says, if all these wealthy
people are willing to pay--
>> REGINA: And I can
fund everything else.
>> MCKIBBIN: For my wine and I
can fund what I want to do with
my money, which is
help others, great,
I'll make the wine
and sell it to them.
He's doing that and she goes to
the Ile Saint Louis for lunch.
She's having her-- having
some soup and a little girl
walks up with a scraggly
stalk of lavender and asks
if she wants to buy it.
And she looks at her
and asks if she'd
like to have some soup and,
maybe, some hot chocolate.
And she learns that this
girl is living on the street.
That her mother has died.
The girl doesn't
know it, but she's
died because she had to
resort to prostitution
just to feed them and
even that wasn't enough.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: And the girl has
a best friend whose mother is
really taking care of them
both, but she's also living
on the street.
Very horrible circumstances.
>> REGINA: But
common for the day.
>> MCKIBBIN: But common.
I mean, this is
what Luc abhorred
about the times with the hideous
decadence and the hideous
poverty existing side by side.
So she takes the girl back to
the place where they're staying
and lets her have a bath and
a nap and Luc arrives home
and there she is.
Of course, he loves her
immediately and thinks,
well, we can't send her
back to the streets.
So let's, at least, tomorrow
morning, go back with her
so that the woman
who's been taking care
of her and the daughter will
know that she's going with us
and she's going to be OK because
we don't want them to worry.
And she agrees to go with them.
Of course, what happens is,
all of them go together.
And they go back and it's the
beginning of just a marvelous
part of the story because
they are living out
what Luc and Graciella
want, which is to create--
if I can call it
this, a democracy
in the middle of
the France which
is anything but a democracy.
Luc shares his profits
with all the people
who are working the
land, he provides
opportunities for the children
to get educated and learn
a trade so that they can, maybe,
rise above where they've been.
>> REGINA: He funds a school.
>> MCKIBBIN: He funds a school.
He's got a-- and because
he has so much land
and he has considerable
wealth, he's
able to do, basically,
whatever he chooses.
And he chooses something very
different from court life
and from the aristocracy
living in France.
It's so fulfilling to see
how they come together
with the exuberance and the
abundance of their love.
>> REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
I have to say, and it is.
And how everyone that comes in
contact with the two of them
always benefits from their
relationship with them
on multitude of levels.
And I have to say, I
have a friend who is just
kind of a-- she's
been through life
and she's kind of seen
it all and done it all
and she always says,
yeah, I wish I could cry.
I just can't even
cry about anything.
And beautiful, beautiful heart.
But just not a romantic.
Let's just say that.
So as I got each of your books
at the very beginning when
you were first, first
putting them out about one
at a time initially and then
I'd pass them to her to read.
She was, oh my god.
And it turned out
she read the series,
she went and read
the series again.
She started sending the series
to everyone and she said,
I can't stop reading them.
And I realized I am not going
to settle for a relationship
unless it feels like that.
I'm going to wait no matter how
many incarnations until I find
that kind of divine
compliment where we can live
these kinds of
lives of integrity
because she's a
woman of integrity.
And so I was just
blown away to watch
how she was transformed
on some level
and restored in terms
of her faith in love
by reading these
books, of course,
like a lot of other people.
>> MCKIBBIN: I've heard
something similar from a lot
of readers.
And they talk about how I'm
no longer willing to settle,
I'm no longer
going to compromise
to make a relationship
work, I'm no longer going
to turn my back on who I am.
>> REGINA: Right.
All of this.
>> MCKIBBIN: All of this.
And so for me, the story isn't
about finding your twin flame,
it's really about being clear
enough and empowered enough
in oneself to say,
this is who I am,
this is who I want to
be in relationship.
I want to show up in
relationship in these ways.
If someone can be in
relationship with me
bringing his best, wonderful.
If not, I can still
be fully who I am.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> MCKIBBIN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And that is the
feeling that's coming up.
And I think what you just
said is very important.
It doesn't mean you have to wait
for your twin flame or divine
compliment, that
could be a while.
But it doesn't-- it also does
mean there are many people
on a frequency range level
where their frequency matches
for every person on this
planet if we don't just go
for the convenient choice
or what's laid before us
or something we don't even feel
we have a choice in per se.
If we avoid that and
we-- like you say,
make these conscious choices.
So I'd like to ask
one more question
because we're getting close
to the end of our time
together on this.
A lot of people say, is
she writing about herself?
Is this her?
And you have your
own answer to that.
But what-- tell us
that answer first,
and secondly, what did this
do for your life, personally?
Because this just
flowed through you.
You didn't even read
them till after they
were put into a
transcript, actually,
it's like, wow, what
stories these are.
So what did it do for you?
>> MCKIBBIN: These are not
stories of my past lives.
They-- I think that they come
from a much higher frequency
than that, quite frankly.
These are stories for everyone.
They're about all of us.
They're about who we all
have the capacity to be.
And so they're stories
that enable us to remember.
We can affirm so much about
the fullness of who we are.
And so I like to think
of the stories that way
rather than trying to make some
connection between what I wrote
and what my past lives might be.
But what they have done for me--
and this is me being
brutally honest.
>> REGINA: OK, let's hear it.
>> MCKIBBIN: Ever
since I wrote those,
I integrated the
message which was, yes,
be all you can be
and want to be.
Be that kind of
phenomenal woman.
Go ahead.
And if it means that
you live your life
by yourself, no problem.
And for me, that's
what it's meant.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> MCKIBBIN: And it's not that
I push relationships away,
I'm just really clear about
who I am, what I value,
how I want to live,
and my life is so full.
>> REGINA: It is.
>> MCKIBBIN: It's
so full of joy--
>> REGINA: You're so creative.
>> MCKIBBIN: It's so-- yes.
I'm able to be--
so many facets of
who I want to be,
I get to be in this lifetime.
If someone can come
in and be there with
me and I can be there with him
and we meet at the same level
in the same way,
with the same love
and the same frequency and
the same joy and abundance
and all of that, great.
If not, still great.
>> REGINA: Still great.
>> MCKIBBIN: And
that's how I'm living.
>> REGINA: And
your life is great.
>> MCKIBBIN: It is.
>> REGINA: I have to
say-- and you know,
I had you on for my
personal book club, right?
And so other people
in the book club now
are forming book clubs--
>> MCKIBBIN: Yes.
>> REGINA: --of their
own around these books
because it's speaking
so deeply to them.
So I just want to say,
thank you for letting
that flow through you and also
you got a message not long ago
to write yet another book
about your own personal journey
and experience and to
how all this came about.
So you're in the midst of that?
>> MCKIBBIN: It's done.
>> REGINA: It's done.
>> MCKIBBIN: I wrote
it in two weeks.
>> REGINA: Oh my god.
OK.
How did it turn out?
>> MCKIBBIN: It's really good.
>> REGINA: What's the title?
Do you have a title
or anything else?
>> MCKIBBIN: Well, I
have to apologize--
>> REGINA: Yeah, OK.
>> MCKIBBIN: --because
the original title--
the titles came from my neighbor
across the street who was
brilliant at all of this.
The original title was Gates
to Divinity, Gates to Divinity.
>> REGINA: A play on words.
>> MCKIBBIN: And then
he read it and he said,
I have a different
title for you.
And I said, what?
And he said, "Open Gates."
>> REGINA: I love it.
>> MCKIBBIN: But then I
thought of Open Minds.
>> REGINA: Yeah, well.
>> MCKIBBIN: Well,
and Regina, I--
truthfully, it came
from him not me.
So I hope that's OK with you--
>> REGINA: Oh, gosh.
Absolutely.
>> MCKIBBIN: --because
it's called "Open Gates."
>> REGINA: I love it.
>> MCKIBBIN: The book is done.
It is-- writing it was a
combination of remembering
and channeling.
And I have one last
thing to tell you.
My fingers flew
across the keyboard.
I typed it into the computer.
>> REGINA: Oh my god.
>> MCKIBBIN: I know.
I can't believe it.
>> REGINA: You got rid
of the paper and pencil.
Good on you, girl.
Oh, Gates, thank you
so much for joining
us and I'm looking forward to
reading "Open Gates" very much.
And I just want to thank
you for the light and life
that you've given to so many
people who've read these books,
I just--
I have such appreciation
for just the cleanliness
and clarity and
beauty of these books.
Thank you.
>> MCKIBBIN: Well, and thank you
because the appreciation goes
both ways.
You have provided an
opportunity for so many to share
their love and joy and wisdom.
And you've made a
huge difference.
>> REGINA: Thank you--
>> MCKIBBIN: Thank you.
>> REGINA: --mutual
admiration society.
Gates's books can be
found on Amazon and again,
the titles are--
"One, Beyond Time,"
that's book 1.
Second book is "Love,"
third book is "Hope,"
and the fourth is "Give."
The language sparkles like
diamonds and the pages
are filled with grace.
Truly, uplifting to the spirit.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]